trying to decrypt with 1 keys... 
verified signature for horcrux-01.key
verified signature for secret1.txt.gpg
failed to reconstruct master password

trying to decrypt with 2 keys... 
verified signature for horcrux-01.key
verified signature for horcrux-02.key
verified signature for secret1.txt.gpg
failed to reconstruct master password

trying to decrypt with 3 keys... 
verified signature for horcrux-01.key
verified signature for horcrux-02.key
verified signature for horcrux-03.key
verified signature for secret1.txt.gpg
decrypted secret1.txt

trying to decrypt with 4 keys... 
verified signature for horcrux-01.key
verified signature for horcrux-02.key
verified signature for horcrux-03.key
verified signature for horcrux-04.key
verified signature for secret1.txt.gpg
decrypted secret1.txt

trying to decrypt with 5 keys... 
verified signature for horcrux-01.key
verified signature for horcrux-02.key
verified signature for horcrux-03.key
verified signature for horcrux-04.key
verified signature for horcrux-05.key
verified signature for secret1.txt.gpg
decrypted secret1.txt

